(DOCSP-25034): SwiftUI - add details around more complex write cases (#2306)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/swiftui/write.txt

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/swiftui/QuickWrite.snippet.update-observed-results.swift
   :language: swift

Append an Object to a List
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you have a two-way binding with an ``@ObservedRealmObject`` that has 
a list property, you can add new objects to the list. 

In this example, the ``Person`` object has a list property that forms a 
:ref:`to-many relationship <ios-to-many-relationship>` with one or more dogs.
When the user presses the ``Save`` button, this:

- Creates a ``Dog`` object with the details that the user has entered
- Appends the ``Dog`` object to the ``Person`` object's ``dogs`` list

> .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/swiftui/CreateObjects.snippet.add-dog-to-person-view.swift

Reviewer: I'd like to see emphasis on the `$person.dogs.append(dog)` line.
I'm also wondering if we should include the snippet that shows the definition of Person, so that people can quickly understand what person.dogs is supposed to be.

   :language: swift

Use Create to Copy an Object Into the Realm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There may be times when you create a new object, and set one of its properties
to an object that already exists in the realm. Then, when you go to add the 
new object to the realm, you see an error similar to: 

.. code-block:: shell

   Object is already managed by another Realm. Use create instead to copy it into this Realm.

When this occurs, you can use the :swift-sdk:`.create 
<Structs/Realm.html#/s:10RealmSwift0A0V6create_5value6updatexxm_ypAC12UpdatePolicyOtSo0aB6ObjectCRbzlF>` 
method to initialize the object, and use ``modified: .update`` to set its
property to the existing object.

.. example::

   Consider a version of the DoggoDB ``Dog`` model where the ``favoriteToy``
   property isn't just a ``String``, but is an optional ``DogToy`` object:

   .. code-block:: swift

>       class SwiftUI_Dog: Object, ObjectKeyIdentifiable {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      class Dog: Object, ObjectKeyIdentifiable {
```

Author: Oof, good catch, thank you!

         @Persisted(primaryKey: true) var _id: UUID
         @Persisted var name = ""
         ...
         @Persisted var favoriteToy: DogToy?
         ...
      }

   When your app goes to create a new ``Dog`` object, perhaps it checks to see
   if the ``DogToy`` already exists in the realm, and then set the ``favoriteToy``
   property to the existing dog toy. 
   
   When you go to append the new ``Dog`` to the ``Person`` object, you may 
   see an error similar to:

   .. code-block:: shell

>       Object is already managed by another Realm. Use create instead to copy it into this Realm.

Reviewer: Does the SDK not use the naming convention (lower case R) they suggested for us?

Author: Nope, that is an exact copy of the error message I got before tweaking the code sample to use the `.create` API.

>    The ``Dog`` object is unmanaged when you create it, until you append it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ``Dog`` object remains unmanaged until you append it 
```

   to the ``Person`` object's ``dogs`` property. When the Realm Swift SDK 
   checks the ``Dog`` object to find the realm that is currently managing it, 
   it finds nothing. 
   
   When you use the ``$`` notation to perform a quick write that appends the 
   ``Dog`` object to the ``Person`` object, this write uses the realm it has 
   access to in the view. This is a realm instance implicitly opened by 
   the ``@ObservedRealmObject`` or ``@ObservedResults`` property wrapper. 
   The existing ``DogToy`` object, however, may be managed by a different 
   realm instance.

>    To solve this error, you can use the :swift-sdk:`.create 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To solve this error, use the :swift-sdk:`.create 
```
